README.md, before:

# promptly

A prompt collection for testing and evaulation of LLMs.

I am a scientific programmer with a background in geoscience, hence some of the questions.


## Prompt collections

- [danielmiessler/fabric](https://github.com/danielmiessler/fabric)
- [microsoft/prompts-for-edu](https://github.com/microsoft/prompts-for-edu) &mdash; A collection of prompts for educators and students
- [microsoft/promptbase](https://github.com/microsoft/promptbase) &mdash; Implementation of [Medprompt](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.16452)
- [ai-boost/awesome-prompts](https://github.com/ai-boost/awesome-prompts)
- [abledock/awesome-chatgpt-prompts](https://github.com/abledock/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)


## Various other links

- [promptslab/Awesome-Prompt-Engineering](https://github.com/promptslab/Awesome-Prompt-Engineering) &mdash; Another list of all the things
- [awesome-chatgpt-prompts/awesome-chatgpt](https://github.com/humanloop/awesome-chatgpt) &mdash; And another one
- [OpenMindClub/awesome-chatgpt](https://github.com/OpenMindClub/awesome-chatgpt) &mdash; And another one

### "Awesome" lists

- https://github.com/snwfdhmp/awesome-gpt-prompt-engineering
- https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts

### Other prompting tools

- https://github.com/microsoft/prompt-engine


## See also 

We maintain various other repos related to machine learning and artificial intelligence:

- [`llm-engineering-101`](https://github.com/equinor/llm-engineering-101) for a short workshop aimed at getting developers up to speed.
- [`ml-pitfalls`](https://github.com/equinor/ml-pitfalls) for more on pitfalls in discriminative machine learning, another series of events.
- [`ai-upskill`](https://github.com/equinor/ai-upskill) for a repo describing Equinor's company upskill events and materials.
- [`ai-values`](https://github.com/equinor/ai-values) for a small web app about human values and AI alignment.
- [`label-ai`](https://github.com/equinor/label-ai) for a small web app exploring obvious and non-obvious ways of labeling generated content.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated repo links and descriptions
Updated repository links and descriptions for clarity.

README.md, after:

# promptly

A prompt collection for testing and evaulation of LLMs.

I am a scientific programmer with a background in geoscience, hence some of the questions.


## Prompt collections

- [danielmiessler/fabric](https://github.com/danielmiessler/fabric)
- [microsoft/prompts-for-edu](https://github.com/microsoft/prompts-for-edu) &mdash; A collection of prompts for educators and students
- [microsoft/promptbase](https://github.com/microsoft/promptbase) &mdash; Implementation of [Medprompt](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.16452)
- [ai-boost/awesome-prompts](https://github.com/ai-boost/awesome-prompts)
- [abledock/awesome-chatgpt-prompts](https://github.com/abledock/awesome-chatgpt-prompts)


## Various other links

- [promptslab/Awesome-Prompt-Engineering](https://github.com/promptslab/Awesome-Prompt-Engineering) &mdash; Another list of all the things
- [awesome-chatgpt-prompts/awesome-chatgpt](https://github.com/humanloop/awesome-chatgpt) &mdash; And another one
- [OpenMindClub/awesome-chatgpt](https://github.com/OpenMindClub/awesome-chatgpt) &mdash; And another one

### "Awesome" lists

- https://github.com/snwfdhmp/awesome-gpt-prompt-engineering
- https://github.com/f/awesome-chatgpt-prompts

### Other prompting tools

- https://github.com/microsoft/prompt-engine


## See also 

We maintain a few other repos containing learning material related to machine learning and artificial intelligence.

- [`llm-engineering-101`](https://github.com/equinor/llm-engineering-101) for a short workshop aimed at getting developers up to speed.
- [`ml-pitfalls`](https://github.com/equinor/ml-pitfalls) for more on pitfalls in discriminative machine learning, another series of events.
- [`ai-upskill`](https://github.com/equinor/ai-upskill) for a repo describing Equinor's company upskill events and materials.
- [`ai-values`](https://github.com/kwinkunks/ai-values) for a small web app about human values and AI alignment.
- [`ai-risk-roulette`](https://github.com/equinor/ai-risk-roulette) is a small group-work game, presenting AI use-cases to discuss in groups.
- [`label-ai`](https://github.com/equinor/label-ai) (2024) for a small web app exploring obvious and non-obvious ways of labeling generated content.

Also see the repo of the [Responsible AI team](https://github.com/equinor/responsible-ai).
